Guru Yoga of Jamyang Loter Wangpo
by Jamyang Loter Wangpo

dak gi chiwor pé dé teng
Above my head upon a lotus and moon
jamyang lo ter wangpo ni
Is Jamyang Loter Wangpo,
kar mar dangden ku sha gyé
White with a reddish glow and stout in figure.
chak nyi lek bam drang treng dzin
His two hands hold a book and rosary.
chögö nam sum pen shyusol
He wears the three dharma robes and paṇḍita hat.
né sum dru sum özer gyi
Light rays emerge from the three syllables at this three centres,
chok sum chendrang yermé tim
To invite the Three Jewels, who dissolve into him inseparably.
kyabné kündü ngowor gyur
So that he becomes the embodiment of all sources of refuge.
yenlak dünpé tsok sakja
I accumulate merit through the seven-branch practice
lamé sol deb chinü dön
And I recite as many prayers to you, the guru, as I can.
tuk sok dhih tar ngak kyi kor
At your heart is the vital syllable Dhīḥ, surrounded by the mantra,
ö trö dön nyi nyur drub gyur
From which light radiates, swiftly accomplishing twofold benefit.
om ah guru mandzu ghosha dhih nidh indraya hung
Oṃ āḥ guru mañjughoṣa dhīḥ nidhindraya hūṃ
Recite this mantra a hundred or a thousand times. Then continue with:
lamé né sum dru sum lé
From the three syllables at the guru’s three centres
özer kar mar ting sumpo
Rays of light—white, red and blue—emerge one by one,
rim dang chikchar rangné tim
Then all together, and dissolve into my own three centres.
wang shyi tob ching drib shyi dak
I receive the four empowerments, purify the four obscurations,
ku shyi sabön gyü la shyak
And the seeds of the four kāyas are implanted in my mindstream.
lar yang solwa tabpé tü
Then, through the force of my prayers,
lama tsang buk goné jön
Enters my head at the aperture of Brahma,
nyinggé pemo gyepar shyuk
And takes his place on the open lotus of my heart.
töpa gyatsö chöyön künné khyil
There are waters of oceanic learning that gather and swirl,1
yönten metok tsultrim dukpö trin
Flowers of virtue and clouds of the incense of ethical conduct,
sherab drönmé depé pö chü tso
There are lamps of wisdom and a lake that is perfumed with faith.
tingdzin dütsi shyé zé dampa dang
There is the sublime sustenance of samādhi’s elixir,
tö yang nyenpé silnyen dra jin shying
And music that resounds in melodious songs of praise.
künné nying tsé namchö pobpa yi
There are parasols of benevolence, pennants of discernment,
duk dang baden gyaltsen drengwa yi
And victory banners raised aloft in courageous eloquence.
dak lü shyalmé khang dzé rab gyen né
This celestial mansion of my body, so beautifully adorned
nying gi chukyé tiklé da gyé la
I offer to the Lord of Dharma who resides forever
tenpar shyukpé chöjé chö gyi ching
On the full moon and blossoming lotus of my heart.
ngepar dünpé yi kyi soldeb kyi
With a mind of certain aspiration, I pray to you:
drowé lama taktu nyé gyar chik
Master to all beings, may you always be pleased!
Recite prayers of dedication and aspiration.

In response to a request from Ngawang Rabgye of Khardo Dratsang, this was composed by Loter
Wangpo. May virtue and excellence increase. Maṅgalam.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey, 2019.

Version: 1.1-20210909
↑ This and the following lines, which the author suggests to add at this point, are from the
offering prayer known as the Töpa Gyatsoma composed by Chögyal Pakpa Lodrö Gyaltsen. See
https://www.lotsawahouse.org/tibetan-masters/chogyal-pakpa-lodro-gyaltsen/topa-gyatso